## Page 1
1  
              
HDFC Balanced Advantage Fund - KIM 
 
 
KEY INFORMATION MEMORANDUM  
 
HDFC Balanced Advantage Fund 
An open ended Balanced Advantage Fund  
 
This product is suitable for 
investors who are seeking*: Scheme Riskometer# Benchmark Riskometer# 
 
 - to generate long-term capital 
appreciation / income  
 
- investments in a mix of equity 
and debt instruments  
 
 
 
NIFTY 50 Hybrid Composite Debt 
50:50 Index (TRI) (as per AMFI 
Tier I Benchmark) 
 
*Investors should consult their financial advisers, if in doubt about whether the product is suitable for them. 
#As on September 30, 2025. For latest riskometer, investors may refer to the Monthly Portfolios disclosed on 
the website of the Fund viz. www.hdfcfund.com 
 
Continuous Offer of Units at NAV based prices 
 
Name of Mutual Fund (Fund): HDFC Mutual Fund 
Name of Asset Management Company (AMC): HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
Name of Trustee Company: HDFC Trustee Company Limited 
Address of the entities: 
Asset Management Company (AMC): 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
Registered Office: 
HDFC House, 2nd Floor, H.T. Parekh Marg,  
165-166, Backbay Reclamation, 
Churchgate, Mumbai - 400 020. 
CIN No: L65991MH1999PLC123027 
Trustee Company: 
HDFC Trustee Company Limited 
Registered Office: 
HDFC House, 2nd Floor, H.T. Parekh Marg,  
165-166, Backbay Reclamation,  
Churchgate, Mumbai - 400 020. 
CIN No. U65991MH1999PLC123026 
Website of the entities: 
www.hdfcfund.com 
 
This Key Information Memorandum (KIM) sets forth the information, which a prospective investor 
ought to know before investing. For further details of the scheme/Mutual Fund, due diligence 
certificate by the AMC, Key Personnel, investors’ rights & services, risk factors, penalties & 
pending litigations etc. investors should, before investment, refer to the Scheme 
Information Document (“SID”) and Statement of Additional Information (“SAI”) available 
free of cost at any of the Investor Service Centres or distr ibutors or from the website 
www.hdfcfund.com.

## Page 2
2  
              
HDFC Balanced Advantage Fund - KIM 
 
 
The Scheme particulars have been prepared in accordance with Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Mutual Funds) Regulations 1996  (“SEBI (MF) Regulations”), as amended till 
date, and filed with Securities and  Exchange Board of India (SEBI). The units being offered 
for public subscription have not been approved or disapproved by SEBI, nor has SEBI 
certified the accuracy or adequacy of this KIM.   
 
This Key Information Memorandum is dated November 21, 2025. 
 
1. Name of Scheme  
HDFC Balanced Advantage Fund 
 
2. Type of Scheme 
An open ended Balanced Advantage Fund. 
 
3. Category of Scheme 
Balanced Advantage Fund 
 
4. SEBI Scheme Code 
HDFC/O/H/BAF/18/03/0043 
 
5. Investment Objective 
To provide long term capital appreciation / income from a dynamic mix of equity and debt 
investments. 
There is no assurance that the investment objective of the Scheme will be achieved. 
 
6. Asset Allocation Pattern of the Scheme 
 
Instruments Indicative allocations 
(% of total assets) 
Minimum 
 
Maximum 
Equity and Equity related instruments# 65 100 
Debt Securities (including securitized debt)  
and money market instruments 0 35 
Units issued by REITs and InvITs 0 10 
Non-convertible preference shares 0 10 
 
#Unhedged equity exposure shall be limited to 90% of the portfolio value. Unhedged equity 
exposure means exposure to equity shares alone without a corresponding equity derivative 
exposure. 
As per clause 12.24.1 of Master Circular, the cumulative gross exposure through equity, debt, 
derivative position s (including fixed income derivatives), repo transactions and Real Estate 
Investment Trusts (REITs), Infrastructure Investment Trusts (InvITs), other permitted 
securities/assets and such other securities/ assets as may be permitted by SEBI from time to tim e 
shall not exceed 100% of the net assets of the Scheme.

## Page 3
3  
              
HDFC Balanced Advantage Fund - KIM 
 
 
 
Indicative Table (Actual instrument/percentages may vary subject to applicable SEBI 
circulars) 
SR. 
No 
Type of Instrument Percentage of exposure Circular references 
1.  Securities Lending a) Upto 25% of net assets 
b) Upto Rs 5 crores or 5% 
of net assets at single 
intermediary i.e. broker 
level 
Clause 12.11 of Master Circular 
2.  Derivatives (For 
Hedging and Non 
Hedging) 
Upto 100% of the total 
assets 
Clause 12.25 of Master Circular 
3.  Securitised Debt 
 
As per asset allocation 
table above 
Clause 12.15 of Master Circular 
4.  Structured obligations 
or credit 
enhancements  
As per asset allocation 
table above  subject to 
regulatory limits 
Clause 12.3 of Master Circular 
5.  Repo/ Reverse Repo / 
Tri- Party repos 
(TREPS) on 
Government Securities 
and Treasury Bills (G -
Secs and T-Bills) 
To meet liquidity 
requirements or pending 
deployment as per 
regulatory limits 
Clause 1 of Seventh Schedule of 
SEBI Mutual Fund Regulations 
6.  Credit Default Swaps  Upto 10% of AUM of the 
Scheme and shall be 
within the overall limit of 
derivatives 
Clause 12.28 of Master Circular 
7.  Instruments with 
special features such 
as AT1 and AT2 
Bonds 
a) Upto 10% of its NAV of 
the debt portfolio of the 
scheme in perpetual debt 
instruments and 
b) Upto 5% of its NAV of 
the debt portfolio of the 
scheme at single issuer 
level.  
 
The above exposure will 
be subject to the overall 
limit for debt instruments 
issued by  a single issuer 
and other prudential limits 
with respect to the debt 
instruments. 
Clause 12.2 of Master Circular 
8.  REITs and InvITs a) Upto 10% of its NAV in 
the units of REIT s and 
InvITs 
b) Upto 5% of its NAV  in 
the units of REIT s and 
Clause 13 of  Seventh Schedule 
of SEBI Mutual Fund Regulation s 
and Clause 12.21  of Master 
Circular

## Page 4
4  
              
HDFC Balanced Advantage Fund - KIM 
 
 
InvITs at single issuer 
level. 
9.  Overseas Securities Upto 35% of its total 
assets 
Clause 12.19 of Master Circular 
read with SEBI/HO/IMD/IMD -
PoD-1/P/CIR/149 dated 
November 04, 2024 
10.  Repo/ Reverse Repo 
in permitted corporate 
debt securities 
Upto 10% of the net assets Clause 12.18 of Master Circular 
11.  Short Term deposits As per regulatory limits Clause 8 of Seventh Schedule of 
SEBI Mutual Fund Regulations 
and Clause 12.16 of Master 
Circular 
12.  Mutual Fund Units Upto 5% of the net assets 
of the Mutual Fund (i.e. 
across all the schemes of 
the Fund) 
Clause 4 of Seventh Schedule of 
SEBI Mutual Fund Regulations 
In addition to the instruments stated in the table above the Scheme may undertake Short Selling 
and such other transactions in accordance with guidelines issued by SEBI and the scheme may 
also hold cash from time to time.  
 
Changes in asset allocation pattern/Portfolio Rebalancing: 
Short Term Defensive Consideration: 
Subject to SEBI (MF) Regulations the asset allocation pattern indicated above may change from 
time to time, keeping in view market conditions, market opportunities, applicable regulations and 
political and economic factors. It must be clearly understood that the percentages stated above are 
only indicative and not absolute and that they can vary substantially depending upon the perception 
of the Investment Manager, the intention being at all times to seek to protect the interests of the 
Unit holders. As per  clause 1.14.1.2.b of Master Circular, as may be amended from time to time, 
such changes in the investment pattern will be for short term and for defensive consideration only.  
 
In the event of change in the asset allocation, the fund manager will carry ou t portfolio rebalancing 
within 30 calendar days or such other timeline as may be prescribed by SEBI from time to time.  
 
Portfolio rebalancing (in case of passive breaches): 
As per clause 2.9 of Master Circular read with SEBI circul ar No. 
SEBI/HO/IMD/PoD2/P/CIR/2025/92 dated June 26, 2025, as may be amended/ clarified from time 
to time, in the event of change in the asset allocation due to passive breaches (occurrence of 
instances not arising out of omission and commission of the AMC), the fund manager is required to 
carry out portfolio rebalancing within 30 Business Days.  
 
In case the portfolio is not rebalanced within the period of 30 Business days, justification in writing, 
including details of efforts taken to rebalance the portfolio shall be placed before the Investment 
Committee. The Investment Committee, if it so desires, can ex tend the timeline for rebalancing up 
to sixty (60) Business days from the date of completion of mandated rebalancing period. In case 
the portfolio of the scheme is not rebalanced within the aforementioned mandated plus extended

## Page 5
5  
              
HDFC Balanced Advantage Fund - KIM 
 
 
timelines, the AMC shall fol low the requirements specified under the aforesaid circular including 
reporting the deviation to Trustees at each stage. 
7. Investment Strategy  
The investment objective of the Scheme is to provide long term capital appreciation / income from 
a mix of equity and debt investments. The Scheme would invest in Government securities, money 
market instruments, securitised debt, corporate debentures and bonds, preference shares, quasi 
Government bonds or any other debt instruments, equity and equity related instrumen ts etc as 
permitted by Regulations. 
 
Different asset classes exhibit different risk -return profile and relatively low correlation to each 
other as compared to investments within the same asset class. The fund manager will determine 
asset allocation between  equity and debt depending on prevailing market and economic 
conditions. 
 
The debt -equity mix at any point of time will be a function of interest rates, equity valuations, 
medium to long term outlook of the asset classes and risk management etc. 
 
The aim of equity strategy will be to build a portfolio of companies diversified across major 
industries, economic sectors and market capitalization that offer an acceptable risk reward 
balance. 
 
The Scheme will retain the flexibility to invest in the entire range  of debt securities (including 
securitised debt) and money market instruments. Investment in debt securities will be guided by 
credit quality, liquidity, interest rates and their outlook. 
 
The Scheme may also invest in the hybrid securities viz. units of R EITs and InvITs for 
diversification and subject to necessary stipulations by SEBI from time to time. 
 
Subject to the Regulations and the applicable guidelines, the Scheme may engage in Stock 
Lending activities. 
 
The Scheme may also invest in the schemes of Mutual Funds in terms of the prevailing SEBI (MF) 
Regulations. 
 
As part of the Fund Management process, the Scheme may use derivative instruments such as 
futures and options, or any other derivative instruments that are permissible or may be permissible 
in future under applicable regulations. However, trading in derivatives by the Scheme shall be for 
restricted purposes as permitted by the regulations.  
 
For detailed derivative strategies, please refer to SAI. For exposure limits to derivatives, refer 
section ‘Where will the scheme invest’ under Section II, Part II, Clause A in the SID. 
 
Though every endeavour  will be made to achieve the objective of the Scheme, the 
AMC/Sponsor/Trustee do not guarantee that the investment objective of the Scheme will be 
achieved. No guaranteed returns are being offered under the Scheme.

## Page 6
6  
              
HDFC Balanced Advantage Fund - KIM 
 
 
8. Risk Profile of the Scheme 
Mutual Fund Units involve investment risks including the possible loss of principal. Please read the 
details on risk factors carefully before investment. Scheme specific Risk Factors are summarized 
below: 
(i) Risk factors associated with investing in equities and equity related instruments 
• Equity shares and equity related instruments are volatile and prone to price fluctuations on 
a daily basis. Investments in equity shares and equity related instruments involve a degree 
of risk and investors should not invest in the S cheme unless they can afford to take the 
risks. 
• Securities, which are not quoted on the stock exchanges, are inherently illiquid in nature 
and carry a larger amount of liquidity risk, in comparison to securities that are listed on the 
exchanges. Investment in such securities may lead to increase in the scheme portfolio risk.  
• While securities that are listed on the stock exchange carry lower liquidity risk, the ability to 
sell these investments is limited by the overall trading volume on the stock exchanges  and 
may lead to the Scheme incurring losses till the security is finally sold. 
• Scheme's performance may differ from the benchmark index to the extent of the 
investments held in the debt segment, as per the investment pattern indicated under normal 
circumstances.  
 
(ii) Risk factors associated with investing in Fixed Income Securities 
• The Net Asset Value (NAV) of the Scheme, to the extent invested in Debt and Money 
Market instruments, will be affected by changes in the general level of interest rates. The 
NAV of the Scheme is expected to increase from a fall in interest rates while it would be 
adversely affected by an increase in the level of interest rates. 
• Money market instruments, while fairly liquid, lack a well developed secondary market, 
which may restrict the selling ability of the Scheme and may lead to the Scheme incurring 
losses till the security is finally sold. 
• Investments in money market instruments involve credit risk commensurate with short term 
rating of the issuers. 
• Investment in Debt instru ments are subject to varying degree of credit risk or default (i.e. 
the risk of an issuer's inability to meet interest or principal payments on its obligations) or 
any other issues, which may have their credit ratings downgraded. Changes in financial 
conditions of an issuer, changes in economic and political conditions in general, or changes 
in economic or and political conditions specific to an issuer, all of which are factors that 
may have an adverse impact on an issuer's credit quality and security value s. This may 
increase the risk of the portfolio. The Investment Manager will endeavour to manage credit 
risk through in-house credit analysis. 
• Prepayment Risk: Certain fixed income securities give an issuer the right to call back its 
securities before their maturity date, in periods of declining interest rates. The possibility of 
such prepayment may force the Scheme to reinvest the proceeds of such investments in 
securities offering lower yields, resulting in lower interest income for the Scheme. 
• Reinvestment Risk: This risk refers to the interest rate levels at which cash flows received 
from the securities in the Scheme are reinvested. The additional income from reinvestment 
is the "interest on interest" component. The risk is that the rate at which interim cash flows 
can be reinvested may be lower than that originally assumed.

## Page 7
7  
              
HDFC Balanced Advantage Fund - KIM 
 
 
• Settlement risk: Different segments of Indian financial markets have different settlement 
periods and such periods may be extended significantly by unforeseen circumstances. 
Delays or other problems in settlement of transactions could result in temporary periods 
when the assets of the Scheme are uninvested and no return is earned thereon. The 
inability of the Scheme to make intended securities purchases, due to settlement problems, 
could cause the Scheme to miss certain investment opportunities. Similarly, the inability to 
sell securities held in the Scheme's portfolio, due to the absence of a well developed and 
liquid secondary market for debt securities, may result at times in potentia l losses to the 
Scheme in the event of a subsequent decline in the value of securities held in the 
Scheme's portfolio. 
• Government securities where a fixed return is offered run price -risk like any other fixed 
income security. Generally, when interest rates  rise, prices of fixed income securities fall 
and when interest rates drop, the prices increase. The extent of fall or rise in the prices is a 
function of the existing coupon, days to maturity and the increase or decrease in the level 
of interest rates. Th e new level of interest rate is determined by the rates at which 
government raises new money and/or the price levels at which the market is already 
dealing in existing securities. The price -risk is not unique to Government Securities. It 
exists for all fix ed income securities. However, Government Securities are unique in the 
sense that their credit risk generally remains zero. Therefore, their prices are influenced 
only by movement in interest rates in the financial system. 
• Different types of fixed income s ecurities in which the Scheme would invest as given in the 
Scheme Information Document carry different levels and types of risk. Accordingly, the 
Scheme risk may increase or decrease depending upon its investment pattern. e.g. 
corporate bonds carry a highe r level of risk than Government securities. Further even 
among corporate bonds, AAA rated bonds are comparatively less risky than AA rated 
bonds.  
• The AMC may, considering the overall level of risk of the portfolio, invest in lower rated / 
unrated securiti es offering higher yields as well as zero coupon securities that offer 
attractive yields. This may increase the absolute level of risk of the portfolio. 
• As zero coupon securities do not provide periodic interest payments to the holder of the 
security, these securities are more sensitive to changes in interest rates and are subject to 
issuer default risk. Therefore, the interest rate risk of zero coupon securities is higher. The 
AMC may choose to invest in zero coupon securities that offer attractive yields.  This may 
increase the risk of the portfolio. Zero coupon or deep discount bonds are debt obligations 
that do not entitle the holder to any periodic payment of interest prior to maturity or a 
specified date when the securities begin paying current interest  and therefore, are 
generally issued and traded at a discount to their face values. The discount depends on the 
time remaining until maturity or the date when securities begin paying current interest. It 
also varies depending on the prevailing interest rat es, liquidity of the security and the 
perceived credit risk of the Issuer. The market prices of zero coupon securities are 
generally more volatile than the market prices of securities that pay interest periodically. 
 
(iii) Risks associated with investment in unlisted securities:  
• Except for any security of an associate or group company, the scheme can invest in 
securities which are not listed on a stock exchange (“unlisted Securities”) which in general 
are subject to greater price fluctuations, less liquidi ty and greater risk than those which are 
traded in the open market. Unlisted debt securities may lack a liquid secondary market and 
there can be no assurance that the Scheme will realise their investments in unlisted 
securities at a fair value.

## Page 8
8  
              
HDFC Balanced Advantage Fund - KIM 
 
 
• Investment in unrated instruments may involve a risk of default or decline in market value 
higher than rated instruments due to adverse economic and issuer -specific developments. 
Such investments display increased price sensitivity to changing interest rates and to a 
deteriorating economic environment. The market values for unrated investments tends to 
be more volatile and such securities tend to be less liquid than rated debt securities. 
 
 
(iv) Risks associated with Investing in Structured Obligation (SO) & Credit Enhancement 
(CE) rated securities 
 The risks factors stated below for the Structured Obligations & Credit Enhancement are in 
addition to the risk factors associated with debt instruments. 
• Credit rating agencies assign CE rating to an instrument based on any identifiable credit 
enhancement for the debt instrument issued by an issuer. The credit enhancement could 
be in various forms and could include guarantee, shortfall undertaking, letter o f comfort, 
etc. from another entity. This entity could be either related or non-related to the issuer like a 
bank, financial institution, etc. Credit enhancement could include additional security in form 
of pledge of shares listed on stock exchanges, etc. SO transactions are asset backed/ 
mortgage backed securities, securitized paper backed by hypothecation of car loan 
receivables, securities backed by trade receivables, credit card receivables etc. Hence, for 
CE rated instruments evaluation of the credit e nhancement provider, as well as the issuer 
is undertaken to determine the issuer rating. In case of SO rated issuer, the underlying loan 
pools or securitization, etc. is assessed to arrive at rating for the issuer. 
•  Liquidity Risk: SO rated securities are often complex structures, with a variety of credit 
enhancements. Debt securities lack a well -developed secondary market in India, and due 
to the credit enhanced nature of CE securities as well as structured nature of SO securities, 
the liquidity in the mar ket for these instruments is adversely affected compared to similar 
rated debt instruments. Hence, lower liquidity of such instruments, could lead to inability of 
the scheme to sell such debt instruments and generate liquidity for the scheme or higher 
impact cost when such instruments are sold. 
•  Credit Risk:  The credit risk of debt instruments which are CE rated is based on the 
combined strength of the issuer as well as the structure. Hence, any weakness in either the 
issuer or the structure could have an a dverse credit impact on the debt instrument. The 
weakness in structure could arise due to inability of the investors to enforce the structure 
due to issues such as legal risk, inability to sell the underlying collateral or enforce 
guarantee, etc. In case o f SO transactions, comingling risk and risk of servicer increases 
the overall risk for the securitized debt or assets backed transactions. Therefore, apart from 
issuer level credit risk such debt instruments are also susceptible to structure related credit  
risk. 
 
(iv) Risk factors associated with Repo in permitted Corporate Debt Securities  
In repo transactions, also known as a repo or sale repurchase agreement, securities are sold with 
the seller agreeing to buy them back at later date. The repurchase price should be greater than the 
original sale price, the difference effectively representing interest. A repo in corporate debt 
securities is economically similar to a secured loan, with the buyer receiving corporate debt 
securities as collateral to protect a gainst default. Some of the risks associated with repo in 
corporate debt are given below: 
Counterparty Risk: Counterparty risk refers to the inability of the seller to meet the obligation to 
buy back securities at the contracted price on the contracted dat e. In case of over the counter

## Page 9
9  
              
HDFC Balanced Advantage Fund - KIM 
 
 
(OTC) repo trades, the investment manager will endeavour to manage counterparty risk by dealing 
only with counterparties having strong credit profiles. Also, the counter -party risk is to an extent 
mitigated by taking collater al equivalent in value to the transaction after knocking off a minimum 
haircut on the intrinsic value of the collateral. In the event of default by the repo counterparty, the 
scheme shall have recourse to the corporate debt securities. In case the repo tra nsaction is 
executed on exchange platform approved by RBI/SEBI, the exchange may also provide settlement 
guarantee.  
Collateral Risk:  Collateral risk arises when the market value of the securities is inadequate to 
meet the repo obligations. This risk can b e partly mitigated by restricting participation in repo 
transactions only in corporate debt securities which are approved by credit risk team. Additionally, 
to address the risk related to reduction in market value of corporate debt security held as collate ral 
due to credit rating downgrade, the repo contract can incorporate either an early termination of the 
repo agreement or call for fresh margin to meet the minimum haircut requirement or call for 
replacement of security with eligible security. Moreover, t he investment manager may apply a 
higher haircut on the underlying security than required as per RBI/SEBI regulation to adjust for the 
illiquidity and interest rate risk on the underlying instrument. To mitigate the risk of price reduction 
due to interest rate changes, the adequacy of the collateral can be monitored on a daily basis by 
considering the daily market value & applying the prescribed haircut. The fund manager or the 
exchange can then arrange for additional collateral from the counterparty, withi n a prespecified 
period. If the counterparty is not able to top -up either in form of cash / collateral, it would 
tantamount to early termination of the repo agreement, and the outstanding amount can be 
recovered by sale of collateral. 
 
(v) Risk factors associated with investment in Tri-Party Repo 
The mutual fund is a member of securities segment and Triparty Repo trade settlement of the 
Clearing Corporation of India (CCIL). All transactions of the mutual fund in government securities 
and in Tri-party Repo trades are settled centrally through the infrastructure and settlement systems 
provided by CCIL; Thus, reducing the settlement and counterparty risks considerably for 
transactions in the said segments. The members are required to contribute an amount as 
communicated by CCIL from time to time to the default fund maintained by CCIL as a part of the 
default waterfall (a loss mitigating measure of CCIL in case of default by any member in settling 
transactions routed through CCIL). 
As per the waterfall mechanism, after the defaulter's margins and the defaulter's contribution to the 
default fund have been appropriated, CCIL's contribution is used to meet the losses. Post 
utilization of CCIL's contribution if there is a residual loss, it is appropriated from t he default fund 
contributions of the non -defaulting members. Thus, the scheme is subject to risk of the initial 
margin and default fund contribution being invoked in the event of failure of any settlement 
obligations. In addition, the fund contribution is allowed to be used to meet the residual loss in 
case of default by the other clearing member (the defaulting member). 
CCIL shall maintain two separate Default Funds in respect of its Securities Segment, one with a 
view to meet losses arising out of any def ault by its members from outright and repo trades and 
the other for meeting losses arising out of any default by its members from Triparty Repo trades. 
The mutual fund is exposed to the extent of its contribution to the default fund of CCIL, in the event 
that the contribution of the mutual fund is called upon to absorb settlement/default losses of

## Page 10
10  
              
HDFC Balanced Advantage Fund - KIM 
 
 
another member by CCIL, as a result the scheme may lose an amount equivalent to its 
contribution to the default fund. 
 
(vi) Risk factors associated with investing in Foreign Securities 
●  Currency Risk: 
 Moving from Indian Rupee (INR) to any other currency entails currency risk. To the extent that 
the assets of the Scheme will be invested in securities denominated in foreign currencies, the 
Indian Rupee equivalent of the net assets, distributions and income may be adversely affected 
by changes in the value of certain foreign currencies relative to the Indian Rupee. 
● Interest Rate Risk: 
 The pace and movement of interest rate cycles of various countries, though loos ely co-related, 
can differ significantly. Hence by investing in securities of countries other than India, the 
Scheme stand exposed to their interest rate cycles. 
● Credit Risk: 
 Investment in Foreign Debt Securities are subject to the risk of an issuer's i nability to meet 
interest and principal payments on its obligations and market perception of the creditworthiness 
of the issuer. This is substantially reduced since the SEBI (MF) Regulations stipulate 
investments only in debt instruments with rating not be low investment grade by 
accredited/registered credit rating agency. 
● Taxation Risk: 
 In addition to the disclosure related to taxation mentioned in Statement of Additional 
Information (SAI) under section “ Special Consideration”, Investment in Foreign Securities 
poses additional challenges based on the tax laws of each respective country or jurisdiction. 
The scheme may be subject to a higher level of taxes than originally anticipated and or dual 
taxation. 
 The Scheme may be subject to withholding or oth er taxes on income and/or gains arising from 
its investment portfolio. Further, such investments are exposed to risks associated with the 
changing / evolving tax / regulatory regimes of all the countries where the Scheme invests. All 
these may entail a hig her outgo to the Scheme by way of taxes, transaction costs, fees etc. 
thus adversely impacting its NAV; resulting in lower returns to an Investor. 
● Legal and Regulatory Risk: 
 Legal and regulatory changes could occur during the term of the Scheme which ma y adversely 
affect it. If any of the laws and regulations currently in effect should change or any new laws or 
regulations should be enacted, the legal requirements to which the Scheme and the investors 
may be subject could differ materially from current r equirements and may materially and 
adversely affect the Scheme and the investors. Legislation/ Regulatory guidelines could also 
be imposed retrospectively. 
● Country Risk: 
 The Country risk arises from the inability of a country, to meet its financial obli gations. It is the 
risk encompassing economic, social and political conditions in a foreign country, which might 
adversely affect foreign investors' financial interests. In addition, country risks would include 
events such as introduction of extraordinary exchange controls, economic deterioration, bi -
lateral conflict leading to immobilisation of the overseas financial assets and the prevalent tax 
laws of the respective jurisdiction for execution of trades or otherwise.

## Page 11
11  
              
HDFC Balanced Advantage Fund - KIM 
 
 
● To manage risks associated with foreign currency and interest rate exposure, the Mutual Fund 
may use derivatives for efficient portfolio management including hedging and in accordance 
with conditions as may be stipulated by SEBI/ RBI from time to time. 
• Exhaustion of Limit for investments in Overseas Securities:  
In case the permissible limits for investments in overseas Securities by the Scheme provided by 
regulatory bodies is reached, then the scheme may not be able to make any further investments 
in permissible Overseas Securities. This could lead to loss of investment opportunity. 
 
(vii) Risk factors associated with investing in Derivatives  
• The AMC, on behalf of the Scheme may use various derivative products, from time to time, in 
an attempt to protect the value of the portfolio and enhance Unit holders' interest. Derivative 
products are specialized instruments that require investment techniques and risk analysis 
different from those associated with stocks and bonds. The use of a derivative requires an 
understanding not only of the un derlying instrument but of the derivative itself. Other risks 
include, the risk of mispricing or improper valuation and the inability of derivatives to correlate 
perfectly with underlying assets, rates and indices. 
• Derivative products are leveraged instrum ents and can provide disproportionate gains as well 
as disproportionate losses to the investor. Execution of such strategies depends upon the 
ability of the fund manager to identify such opportunities. Identification and execution of the 
strategies to be p ursued by the fund manager involve uncertainty and decision of fund 
manager may not always be profitable. No assurance can be given that the fund manager will 
be able to identify or execute such strategies. 
• The risks associated with the use of derivatives are different from or possibly greater than, the 
risks associated with investing directly in securities and other traditional investments. 
• Credit Risk: 
The credit risk in derivative transaction is the risk that the counter party will default on its 
obligations and is generally low, as there is no exchange of principal amounts in a derivative 
transaction. 
• Market Risk: 
Market movements may adversely affect the pricing and settlement of derivatives. 
• Illiquidity risk: 
 This is the risk that a derivative cannot be sold or purchased quickly enough at a fair price, due 
to lack of liquidity in the market. 
 Additional Risk viz. Basis Risk associated with imperfect hedging using Interest Rate 
Futures (IRF): The imperfect correlation between the prices of securi ties in the portfolio and 
the IRF contract used to hedge part of the portfolio leads to basis risk. Thus, the loss on the 
portfolio may not exactly match the gain from the hedge position entered using the IRF.  
 
(viii) Risk factors associated with investing in Non- Convertible Preference Shares 
• Credit Risk - Credit risk is the risk that an issuer will be unable to meet its obligation of 
payment of Dividend and/ or redemption of principal amount on the due date. Further, for 
non-cumulative preference shares, issuer also has an option to not pay Dividends on 
preference shares in case of inadequate profits in any year.

## Page 12
12  
              
HDFC Balanced Advantage Fund - KIM 
 
 
•  Liquidity Risk - The preference shares generally have limited secondary market liquidity 
and thus we may be forced to hold the instrument till maturity. 
•  Unsecured in nature - Preference shares ar e unsecured in nature and rank lower than 
secured and unsecured debt in hierarchy of payments in case of liquidation. Thus, there is 
significant risk of capital erosion in case the company goes into liquidation. 
 
(ix) Risk factors associated with Securities Lending  
 As with other modes of extensions of credit, there are risks inherent to securities lending, 
including the risk of failure of the other party, in this case the approved intermediary, to comply 
with the terms of the agreement entered into between the lender of securities i.e. the Scheme 
and the approved intermediary. Such failure can result in the possible loss of rights to the 
collateral put up by the borrower of the securities, the inability of the approved  intermediary to 
return the securities deposited by the lender and the possible loss of any corporate benefits 
accruing to the lender from the securities deposited with the approved intermediary. The 
scheme may not be able to sell lent out securities, which can lead to temporary illiquidity & loss 
of opportunity. 
 
(x)  Risk factors associated with investing in Securitised Debt 
 The Risks involved in Securitised Papers described below are the principal ones and does not 
represent that the statement of risks set out hereunder is exhaustive. 
• Limited Liquidity & Price Risk 
There is no assurance that a deep secondary market will develop for the Certificates. This 
could limit the ability of the investor to resell them. 
• Limited Recourse, Delinquency and Credit Risk 
The Credit Enhancement stipulated represents a limited loss cover to the Investors. These 
Certificates represent an undivided beneficial interest in the underlying receivables and do 
not represent an obligation of either the Issuer or the Seller or the or iginator, or the parent 
or any affiliate of the Seller, Issuer and Originator. No financial recourse is available to the 
Certificate Holders against the Investors' Representative. Delinquencies and credit losses 
may cause depletion of the amount available under the Credit Enhancement and thereby 
the Investor Payouts to the Certificate Holders may get affected if the amount available in 
the Credit Enhancement facility is not enough to cover the shortfall. On persistent default of 
an Obligor to repay his obligation, the Servicer may repossess and sell the Asset. However, 
many factors may affect, delay or prevent the repossession of such Asset or the length of 
time required to realise the sale proceeds on such sales. In addition, the price at which 
such Asset may be sold may be lower than the amount due from that Obligor. 
• Risks due to possible prepayments and Charge Offs 
In the event of prepayments, investors may be exposed to changes in tenor and yield. Also, 
any Charge Offs would result in the reduction in the  tenor of the Pass Through Certificates 
(PTCs). 
• Bankruptcy of Bank with Liquidity facility 
If the Bank with Liquidity facility, becomes subject to bankruptcy proceedings then an 
investor could experience losses or delays in the payments. 
• Risk of Co-mingling

## Page 13
13  
              
HDFC Balanced Advantage Fund - KIM 
 
 
With respect to the Certificates, the Servicer will deposit all payments received from the 
Obligors into the Collection Account. However, there could be a time gap between 
collection by a Servicer and depositing the same into the Collection account espec ially 
considering that some of the collections may be in the form of cash. In this interim period, 
collections from the Loan Agreements may not be segregated from other funds of 
originator. If originator in its capacity as Servicer fails to remit such fund s due to Investors, 
the Investors may be exposed to a potential loss. 
 
(xi) Risk factors associated with investments in Perpetual Debt Instrument (PDI) 
 Perpetual Debt instruments are issued by Banks, NBFCs and corporates to improve their 
capital profile. Some of the PDIs issued by Banks which are governed by the RBI guidelines for 
Basel III Capital Regulations are referred to as Additional Tier I (AT1 bonds). While there are 
no regulatory guidelines for issuance of PDIs by corporate bodies, NBFCs issue the se bonds 
as per guidelines issued by RBI. The instruments are treated as perpetual in nature as there is 
no fixed maturity date.  The key risks associated with these instruments are highlighted below: 
 Key Risk Factors: 
 - Risk on coupon servicing 
  Banks 
  As per the terms of the instruments, Banks may have discretion at all times to cancel 
distributions/ payment of coupons. In the event of non-availability of adequate distributable 
reserves and surpluses or inadequacy in terms of capital requirements, RBI  may not allow 
banks to make payment of coupons. 
  NBFCs 
  While NBFCs may have discretion at all times to cancel payment of coupon, coupon can 
also be deferred (instead of being cancelled), in case paying the coupon leads to breach of 
capital ratios. 
  Corporates 
  Corporates usually have discretion to defer the payment of coupon. However, the coupon 
is usually cumulative and any deferred coupon shall accrue interest at the original coupon 
rate of the PDI. 
 - Risk of write-down or conversion into equity 
  Banks 
  As per the regulatory requirements, Banks have to maintain a minimum Common Equity 
Tier-1 (CET-1) ratio of Risk Weighted Assets (RWAs), failing which the AT -1 bonds can get 
written down. Further, AT -1 Bonds are liable to be written down or conver ted to common 
equity, at the discretion of RBI, in the event of Point of Non Viability Trigger (PONV). PONV 
is a point, determined by RBI, when a bank is deemed to have become non -viable unless 
there is a write off/ conversion to equity of AT -1 Bonds or a public sector capital injection 
happens. The write off/conversion has to occur prior to public sector injection of capital. 
This risk is not applicable in case of NBFCs and Corporates. 
 - Risk of instrument not being called by the Issuer

## Page 14
14  
              
HDFC Balanced Advantage Fund - KIM 
 
 
  Banks 
  The issu ing banks have an option to call back the instrument after minimum specified 
period from the date of issuance, subject to meeting the RBI guidelines. However, if the 
bank does not exercise the call on first call date, the Scheme may have to hold the 
instruments for a period beyond the first call exercise date.   
NBFCs 
The NBFC issuer has an option to call back the instrument after minimum specific period as 
per the regulatory requirement from date of issuance and thereafter, subject to meeting the 
RBI guidelines. However, if the NBFC does not exercise the call option the Scheme may 
have to hold the instruments for a period beyond the first call exercise date. 
  Corporates 
  There is no minimum period for call date. However, if the corporate does not exercise  the 
call option, the Scheme may have to hold the instruments for a period beyond the call 
exercise date. 
 
(xii) Risk factors associated with Short Selling 
 Short-selling is the sale of shares which are not owned by the seller at the time of trade. 
Instead, he borrows it from someone who already owns it. Later, the short seller buys back the 
stock he shorted and returns the stock to close out the loan. If the price of the stock corrects, 
Short seller can buy the stock back for less than he received f or selling it and earn profit (the 
difference between higher short sale price and the lower purchase price).If the price of stock 
appreciates, short selling results in loss. Thus, Short positions carry the risk of losing money 
and these losses may grow the oretically unlimited if the price increases without limit and shall 
result into major losses in the portfolio. 
 
(xiii) Risk factors associated with REITs and InvITs: 
● Price Risk: 
 Securities/Instruments of REITs and InvITs are volatile and prone to price fluctuations on a 
daily basis owing to market movements. The extent of fall or rise in the prices is a fluctuation in 
general market conditions, factors and forces affecting capital market, Real Estate and 
Infrastructure sectors, level of interest rates, t rading volumes, settlement periods and transfer 
procedures. 
● Interest Rate Risk: 
 Securities/Instruments of REITs and InvITs run interest rate risk. Generally, when interest rates 
rise, prices of units fall and when interest rates drop, such prices increase. 
● Credit Risk: 
 Credit risk means that the issuer of a REIT/InvIT security/ instrument may default on interest 
payment or even on paying back the principal amount on maturity. Securities/ Instruments of 
REITs and InvITs are likely to have volatile cash  flows as the repayment dates would not 
necessarily be pre scheduled. 
● Liquidity Risk:

## Page 15
15  
              
HDFC Balanced Advantage Fund - KIM 
 
 
 This refers to the ease with which securities/instruments of REITs/InvITs can be sold. There is 
no assurance that an active secondary market will develop or be maintai ned. Hence there 
would be time when trading in the units could be infrequent. The subsequent valuation of 
illiquid units may reflect a discount from the market price of comparable securities/instruments 
for which a liquid market exists. As these products a re new to the market they are likely to be 
exposed to liquidity risk. 
● Reinvestment Risk: 
 Investments in securities/instruments of REITs and InvITs may carry reinvestment risk as there 
could be repatriation of funds by the Trusts in form of buyback of units or Dividend pay -outs, 
etc. Consequently, the proceeds may get invested in assets providing lower returns. 
● Legal and Regulatory Risk 
 The regulatory framework governing investments in securities/instruments of REITs and InvITs 
comprises a relatively new set of regulations and is therefore untested, interpretation and 
enforcement by regulators and courts involves uncertainties. Presently, it is dif ficult to forecast 
as to how any new laws, regulations or standards or future amendments will affect the issuers 
of REITs/InvITs and the sector as a whole. Furthermore, no assurance can be given that the 
regulatory system will not change in a way that will  impair the ability of the Issuers to comply 
with the regulations, conduct the business, compete effectively or make distributions. 
 
(xiv) Risk factors associated for investments in Mutual Fund Schemes 
1. Movements in the Net Asset Value (NAV) of these Schemes may impact the performance. 
Any change in the investment policies or fundamental attributes of these Schemes will 
affect the performance of the Scheme to the extent of investment in such schemes.  
2. Redemptions by in these Schemes would be subject to applicable exit loads. 
 
(xv) General Risk factors 
• Trading volumes, settlement periods and transfer procedures may restrict the liquidity of the 
investments made by the Scheme. Different segments of the India n financial markets have 
different settlement periods and such periods may be extended significantly by unforeseen 
circumstances leading to delays in receipt of proceeds from sale of securities. The NAV of the 
Units of the Scheme can go up or down because of various factors that affect the capital 
markets in general. 
• As the liquidity of the investments made by the Scheme could, at times, be restricted by trading 
volumes and settlement periods, the time taken by the Mutual Fund for redemption of Units 
may be significant in the event of an inordinately large number of re demption requests or 
restructuring of the Scheme. In view of the above, the Trustee has the right, in its sole 
discretion, to limit redemptions (including suspending redemptions) under certain 
circumstances, as described under section Right to Restrict Redemption and / or Suspend 
Redemption of the units. 
• At times, due to the forces and factors affecting the capital market, the Scheme may not be 
able to invest in securities falling within its investment objective resulting in holding the monies 
collected by it in cash or cash equivalent or invest the same in other permissible securities / 
investments amounting to substantial reduction in the earning capability of the Scheme. The 
Scheme may retain certain investments in cash or cash equivalents for its day -to-day liquidity 
requirements.

## Page 16
16  
              
HDFC Balanced Advantage Fund - KIM 
 
 
• Investment strategy to be adopted by the Scheme may carry the risk of significant variance 
between the portfolio allocation of the Scheme and the Benchmark particularly over a short to 
medium term period. 
• Performance of the Scheme may be affected by political, social, and economic developments, 
which may include changes in government policies, diplomatic conditions, and taxation 
policies.    
The Scheme at times may receive large number of redemption requests, leading to an asset-
liability mismatch and therefore, requiring the investment manager to make a distress sale of the 
securities leading to realignment of the portfolio and consequently resulting in investment in lower 
yield instruments.  
For details on risk mitigation measures, please refer SID. 
9. Plans/ Options 
Plans: Regular & Direct  
 
Regular and Direct Plans offer the following options: 
(a) Growth Option 
(b) Income Distribution cum Capital Withdrawal (IDCW) Option - Investors should note that the 
IDCW amount can be distributed out of investor’s capital (Equalization Reserve), which is part of 
sale price that represents realized gains. 
This Option offers following facilities: 
• Payout of IDCW (“Payout”) and  
• Re-investment of IDCW (“Re-investment”) 
IDCW Frequency  - Under the IDCW Option, the Scheme has a monthly frequency for IDCW 
distribution. The record date for the same shall be 25th day of every month or the immediately 
succeeding Business Day, if that day is not a Business Day. 
 
Default Option- Growth   
Default Facility- Payout  
 
For detailed disclosure on default plans and options, kindly refer SAI.  
 
10. Applicable NAV (after the scheme opens for subscriptions and redemptions) 
The below cut -off timings and applicability of NAV shall be applicable in respect of valid 
applications received at the Official Point(s) of Acceptance on a Business Day (During Continuous 
Offer Period):  
A]  For Purchase (including switch-in) of any amount: 
● In respect of valid appli cations received upto 3.00 p.m. and where the funds for the entire 
amount are available for utilization before the cut -off time i.e. credited to the bank account 
of the Scheme before the cut-off time - the closing NAV of the day shall be applicable. 
● In respect of valid applications received after 3.00 p.m. and where the funds for the entire 
amount are credited to the bank account of the Scheme either at any time on the same day 
or before the cut -off time of the next Business Day i.e. available for utiliza tion before the 
cut-off time of the next Business Day - the closing NAV of the next Business Day shall be 
applicable. 
● Irrespective of the time of receipt of application, where the funds for the entire amount are 
credited to the bank account of the Scheme  before the cut -off time on any subsequent

## Page 17
17  
              
HDFC Balanced Advantage Fund - KIM 
 
 
Business Day i.e. available for utilization before the cut -off time on any subsequent 
Business Day - the closing NAV of such subsequent Business Day shall be applicable. 
B]  For Switch-ins of any amount: 
For determining the applicable NAV, the following shall be ensured: 
● Application for switch-in is received before the applicable cut-off time. 
● Funds for the entire amount of subscription/purchase as per the switch -in request are 
credited to the bank account of the Scheme before the cut-off time. 
● The funds are available for utilization before the cut-off time. 
● In case of ‘switch’ transactions from one scheme to another, the allocation shall be in line 
with redemption payouts. 
 In case of switches, the request should be received on a day which is a Business Day for 
the Switch -out scheme. Redemption for switch -out shall be processed at the applicable 
NAV as per cut-off timing. Switch-in will be processed at the Applicable NAV (on a Business 
Day) based on realizat ion of funds as per the redemption pay -out cycle for the switch -out 
scheme. 
 For investments through systematic investment routes such as Systematic Investment Plans 
(SIP), Flex SIP, Systematic Transfer Plans (STP), Flex -STP, Swing STP, Transfer of Income 
Distribution cum Capital Withdrawal (IDCW) Plan facility (TIP), etc. the units will be allotted as 
per the closing NAV of the day on which the funds are available for utilization by the Target 
Scheme irrespective of the installment date of the SIP, STP or record date of IDCW etc.  
 While the AMC will endeavour to deposit the payment instruments accompanying investment 
application submitted to it with its bank expeditiously, it shall not be liable for delay in realization 
of funds on account of factors beyon d its control such as clearing / settlement cycles of the 
banks. 
 Since different payment modes have different settlement cycles including electronic 
transactions (as per arrangements with Payment Aggregators / Banks / Exchanges etc), it may 
happen that th e investor's account is debited, but the money is not credited within cut -off time 
on the same date to the Scheme's bank account, leading to a gap / delay in Unit allotment. 
Investors are therefore urged to use the most efficient electronic payment modes t o avoid 
delays in realization of funds and consequently in Unit allotment. 
C]  For Redemption (including switch-out) applications 
 ● In respect of valid applications received upto  3 p.m. on a Business Day by the Fund, same 
day's closing NAV shall be applicable. 
 ● In respect of valid applications received after 3 p.m. on a Business Day by the Fund, the 
closing NAV of the next Business Day shall be applicable. 
Transactions through online facilities / electronic modes: 
The time of transaction done through various online facilities / electronic modes offered by the 
AMC, for the purpose of determining the applicability of NAV, would be the time when the request 
for purchase / sale / switch of units is received in the servers of AMC/RTA. 
 
The AMC has the right to amend cut off timings subject to SEBI (MF) Regulations for the smooth 
and efficient functioning of the Scheme. 
 
11. Minimum Application Amount / Number of Units

## Page 18
18  
              
HDFC Balanced Advantage Fund - KIM 
 
 
Purchase (including  switch-
in) 
Additional Purchase 
(including switch-in) 
Redemption (including 
switch-out) 
Rs.100/- and any amount 
thereafter  
Note: Allotment of units will be 
done after deduction of 
applicable stamp duty and 
other charges, if any. 
Rs.100/- and any amount 
thereafter 
Note: Allotment of units will be 
done after deduction of 
applicable stamp duty and 
other charges, if any. 
Rs. 100 and in multiples of Re. 
1/- thereafter. 
Note: There will be no 
minimum redemption criterion  
for Unit based redemption. 
 
12. Despatch of Redemption Request 
Within 3 working days of the receipt of valid redemption request at the Official Points of 
Acceptance of HDFC Mutual Fund for this Scheme or within such timelines as may be prescribed 
by SEBI / AMFI from time to time in case of exceptional circumstances or otherwise. 
13. Benchmark Index 
 NIFTY 50 Hybrid Composite Debt 50:50 Index (TRI) 
 
14. Dividend / IDCW Policy 
It is proposed to declare IDCW subject to availability of distributable surplus, as computed in 
accordance with SEBI (Mutual Funds) Regulations, 1996. 
 
IDCW, if declared, will be paid (subject of deduction of tax at source, if any) to those Unitholders / 
Beneficial Owners whose names appear in the Register of Unit holders maintained by the Mutual 
Fund/ statement of beneficial ownershi p maintained by the Depositories, as applicable, under the 
IDCW option as on the Record Date. The IDCW payment shall be transferred to the Unitholders 
within 7 working days of the record date of such declaration of IDCW or such other timeline as may 
be specified by SEBI from time to time. In the event of failure to transfer IDCW within the stipulated 
period, the AMC shall be liable to pay interest @ 15% per annum to the Unitholders for the delay in 
payment as computed from the Record Date or from such other  date or for such period as may be 
advised by SEBI from time to time. The Trustee/ AMC reserves the right to change the record date 
from time to time. However, it must be distinctly understood that the actual declaration of IDCW 
and the frequency thereof w ill inter alia, depend on the availability of distributable surplus as 
computed in accordance with SEBI (Mutual Funds) Regulations, 1996. The decision of the Trustee 
in this regard shall be final. 
 
There is no assurance or guarantee to unit holders as to t he rate of IDCW distribution nor that 
IDCW will be paid regularly. On payment of IDCW, the NAV will stand reduced by the amount of 
IDCW and IDCW tax (if applicable) paid.  
 
15. Name of the Fund Manager and tenure of managing the Scheme (As on September 30, 
2025) 
 
Gopal Agrawal 3 years, 2 months 
Srinivasan Ramamurthy 3 years, 2 months 
Anil Bamboli 3 years, 2 months 
Nandita Menezes 6 months 
Arun Agarwal 2 years, 11 months 
Dhruv Muchhal  2 years, 3 months

## Page 19
19  
              
HDFC Balanced Advantage Fund - KIM 
 
 
 
16. Name of the Trustee Company  
HDFC Trustee Company Limited

## Page 20
20  
              
HDFC Balanced Advantage Fund - KIM 
 
 
17. Performance of the Scheme (as at September 30, 2025) 
(Benchmarked to the Total Returns Index (TRI) Variant of the Index) 
HDFC Balanced Advantage Fund - Regular 
Plan - Growth Option 
Absolute returns for each financial year for last 5 
years^ 
 
Period Returns 
(%)^$$ 
Benchmark 
Returns 
(%)# 
Last 1 Year 0.15 1.51 
Last 3 Years 19.31 11.07 
Last 5 Years 24.22 12.35 
Since Inception* 18.03 NA 
^ Past performance may or may not be 
sustained in the future 
Returns greater than one year are compounded 
annualized (CAGR). 
$$ All Distributions declared prior to the splitting of 
the Scheme into IDCW & Growth Options are 
assumed to be reinvested in the units of the 
Scheme at the then prevailing NAV (ex-distribution 
NAV. 
* Inception Date: 01-02-1994     
# NIFTY 50 Hybrid Composite Debt 50:50 Index 
(TRI) 
Since inception returns are calculated on Rs. 10 
(allotment price). 
 
HDFC Balanced Advantage Fund - Direct Plan - 
Growth Option 
Absolute returns for each financial year for last 5 
years^

## Page 21
21  
              
HDFC Balanced Advantage Fund - KIM 
 
 
 
Period Returns 
(%)^ 
Benchmark 
Returns 
(%)# 
Last 1 Year 0.74 1.51 
Last 3 Years 20.06 11.07 
Last 5 Years 24.99 12.35 
Since Inception* 15.47 10.78 
^ Past performance may or may not be 
sustained in the future 
Returns greater than one year are compounded 
annualized (CAGR). 
*Inception Date: 1-1-2013               
# NIFTY 50 Hybrid Composite Debt 50:50 Index 
(TRI) 
Since inception returns are calculated on Rs. 
89.085 (allotment price)  
For Riskometer of Scheme and Benchmark, kindly refer cover page. 
 
18. Additional Scheme related Disclosures  
 
• Scheme’s portfolio holdings - https://www.hdfcfund.com/statutory-
disclosure/portfolio/monthly-portfolio 
• Portfolio Turnover Ratio (September 30, 2025)  
Without Derivatives - 20.72% 
     With Derivatives - 126.73% 
 
19. Expenses of the Scheme   
 
1. Load Structure 
Exit Load:   
In respect of each purchase / switch -in of Units, upto  15% of the units may be redeemed 
without any exit load from the date of allotment. However, please note that the Units will be 
redeemed on First In First Out (FIFO) basis. 
 
Any redemption in excess of the above limit shall be subject to the following exit load: 
• Exit load of 1.00% is payable if Units are redeemed / switched -out within 1 year from the 
date of allotment of units.  
 
No Exit Load is payable if Units are redeemed / switched -out after 1 year from the date of 
allotment. 
 
(i) No Exit Load shall be levi ed for switching between Plans / Options within the Scheme. 
However, exit load will be applicable if the units are switched -out / redeemed from the 
Scheme within the exit load period from the initial date of purchase.

## Page 22
22  
              
HDFC Balanced Advantage Fund - KIM 
 
 
(ii) No Exit load will be levied on Bonus U nits and on units allotted on Re -investment of 
Income Distribution cum Capital Withdrawal. 
(iii) No Exit load will be levied on Units allotted in the Target Scheme under the Transfer of 
Income Distribution cum Capital Withdrawal (IDCW) Plan Facility (TIP Facility). 
(iv) In case of Systematic Transactions such as Systematic Investment Plan (SIP), Flex 
Systematic Investment Plan (Flex SIP), Systematic Transfer Plan (STP), HDFC Flex 
Systematic Transfer Plan (Flex STP), HDFC Swing Systematic Transfer Plan (Swing 
STP), HDFC Flexindex Plan (Flexindex) etc., Exit Load, if any, prevailing on the date of 
registration / enrolment shall be levied. 
 
The Trustee reserves the right to change / modify the load structure from a prospective 
date. 
 
2. Recurring Expenses (% p.a. of daily Net Assets) 
Maximum Total Expense Ratio under Regulation 52 (6): 
On the first Rs.500 crores of the daily net assets - 2.25% p.a. 
On the next Rs.250 crores of the daily net assets - 2.00% p.a. 
On the next Rs.1,250 crores of the daily net assets - 1.75% p.a. 
On the next Rs.3,000 crores of the daily net assets - 1.60% p.a. 
On the next Rs.5,000 crores of the daily net assets - 1.50% p.a. 
On the next Rs.40,000 crores of the daily net assets - Total expense ratio reduction of 0.05% 
for every increase of Rs.5,000 crores of daily net assets or part thereof. 
On balance of the assets - 1.05% p.a. 
 
Actual expenses (inclusive of GST on Management fees and additional TER) for the previous 
financial year ended March 31, 2025 (Audited): 
• Regular Plan: 1.36% p.a. 
• Direct Plan: 0.75% p.a. 
 
Direct Plan under the Scheme shall have a lower expense ratio  than Regular Plan,  excluding 
distribution expenses, commission, etc., and no commission shall be paid from Direct Plan. All 
fees and expenses charged in a Direct Plan (i n percentage terms) under various heads including 
the investment and advisory fee shall not exceed the fees and expenses charged under such 
heads in a Regular Plan.  
 
For the actual current expenses being charged, the investor should refer to the website of the 
mutual fund. Click here for Total Expense Ratio (TER) - https://www.hdfcfund.com/statutory-
disclosure/total-expense-ratio-of-mutual-fund-schemes/reports  
 
Click here for factsheet – https://www.hdfcfund.com/investor-services/factsheets 
 
The maximum limit of recurring expenses that can be charged to the Scheme would be as per 
Regulation 52 of the SEBI (MF) Regulation,  1996. Investors are requested to read “ Section- 
Annual Scheme Recurring Expenses” in the SID. 
 
20. Tax Treatment for the Investors (Unit Holders)   
Investors are advised to refer to the details in the Statement of Additional Information and also 
independently refer to their tax advisor.

## Page 23
23  
              
HDFC Balanced Advantage Fund - KIM 
 
 
21.  Daily Net Asset Value (NAV) Publication   
The AMC shall update th e NAVs by 11.00 p.m. on every Business day on the website(s) of AMC 
and AMFI.  
22.  For Investor Grievances, Please Contact   
 
Investors may contact any of the Investor 
Service Centres (ISCs) of the AMC for any 
queries / clarifications at telephone 
number 1800 3010 6767/ 1800 419 7676 
(toll free), e-mail: hello@hdfcfund.com. 
Registrar and Transfer Agent: 
Computer Age Management Services Ltd., 
Unit: HDFC Mutual Fund 
5th Floor, Rayala  Tower, 158, Anna Salai, 
Chennai - 600 002. 
Telephone No: 044-30212816 
Fax No: 044-42032955 
Email: enq_h@camsonline.com 
 
23.  Unit Holder’s Information   
Email ID for communication: 
 
First / Sole Holders should register their own email address and mobile number in their folio for 
speed and ease of communication in a convenient and cost -effective manner, and to help prevent 
fraudulent transactions. 
 
Account Statements: 
1. The AMC shall send an allotment confirmation specifying the units allotted by way of email 
and/or SMS within 5 working days of receipt of valid application/transaction to the Unit holders 
registered e-mail address and/ or mobile number (whether units are h eld in demat mode or in 
account statement form). 
2. A Consolidated Account Statement (CAS) detailing all the transactions across all mutual funds 
and holdings at the end of the month shall be sent to the Unit holders in whose folio(s) 
transaction(s) have take n place during the month on registered email address on or before 
12th of the succeeding month and by 15th of the succeeding month for those who have opted 
for physical copy. 
3. Half-yearly CAS shall be issued to all investors providing the prescribed details  across all 
schemes of mutual funds and securities held in dematerialized form across demat accounts, if 
applicable, at the end of every six months (i.e. September/ March) on or before 18th day of 
succeeding month on registered email address and 21st day o f succeeding month through 
physical copy for those who do not have registered email addresses. 
 
For further details, refer SAI.  
Periodic Disclosures: 
 
Sr.
no. 
Name of the 
Disclosure 
Frequency Timelines Disclosed on Link 
1. Half Yearly 
Results 
(Unaudited) 
Half yearly within one 
month from 
the close of 
each half 
year i.e. on 
31st March 
AMC website 
 
 
AMFI website 
https://www.hdfcfund.com/statutory
-disclosure/scheme-financials 
 
https://www.amfiindia.com/otherdat
a/accounts

## Page 24
24  
              
HDFC Balanced Advantage Fund - KIM 
 
 
and on 30th 
September. 
2. Annual 
Report 
Annually not later than 
four months 
from the date 
of closure of 
the relevant 
account’s 
year (i.e. 31st 
March each 
year). 
AMC website 
 
 
AMFI website 
https://www.hdfcfund.com/statutory
-disclosure/annual-reports 
 
https://www.amfiindia.com/otherdat
a/accounts  
3. Daily 
Performance 
Disclosure 
(after 
scheme 
completes six 
months of 
existence) 
Daily        - AMFI website https://www.amfiindia.com/otherdat
a/fund-performance 
4. Portfolio 
Disclosure 
Monthly/ 
Half yearly 
within 10 
days from the 
close of each 
month/half-
year 
respectively. 
AMC website 
 
 
AMFI website 
https://www.hdfcfund.com/statutory
-disclosure/portfolio 
 
https://www.hdfcfund.com/statutory
-disclosure/scheme-financials 
 
https://www.amfiindia.com/online-
center/portfolio-disclosure  
5. Monthly 
Average 
Asset under 
Management 
(Monthly 
AAUM) 
Disclosure 
Monthly within 7 
working days 
from the end 
of the month. 
AMC website 
 
https://www.hdfcfund.com/statutory
-disclosure/aum 
6. Scheme and 
Benchmark 
Riskometer 
Monthly within 10 
days from the 
close of each 
month. 
AMC website 
AMFI website 
Monthly Portfolio - HDFC Mutual 
Fund (hdfcfund.com) 
 
https://www.amfiindia.com/online-
center/risk-o-meter  
7. Scheme 
Summary 
Documents 
 
Monthly To be 
updated on a 
monthly 
basis or on 
changes in 
any of the 
specified 
fields, 
whichever is 
earlier. 
 
AMC website 
 
 
AMFI website 
 
BSE website 
 
NSE website 
https://www.hdfcfund.com/investor-
services/fund-documents/scheme-
summary 
 
https://www.amfiindia.com/otherdat
a/scheme-details 
 
https://www.bseindia.com/Static/M
arkets/MutualFunds/listOfAmc.aspx

## Page 25
25  
              
HDFC Balanced Advantage Fund - KIM 
 
 
 https://www.nseindia.com  
8. Investor 
Charter 
       - As and when 
updated 
AMC website 
 
Investor Charter 
 
 
IMPORTANT 
Before investing, investors should also ascertain about any further changes pertaining to scheme 
such as features, load structure, etc. made to the Scheme Information Document/ Key Information 
Memorandum by issue of addenda/ notice after the date of this Document from the AMC/ Mutual 
Fund/ Investor Service Centres (ISCs)/ Website/ Distributors or Brokers or Investment Advisers 
holding valid registrations.